Pnoc filter
successfully
It's not convenient to go on a journey.
If you hug, it's like a basket.
The fastest is horse.
Horses are very stubborn.
Hey, what's going on?
You're getting tired.
I think you should go by horse.
Oh, I see.
Do you have a horse?
I'm going to get a horse from the other side.
I'll make a horse to go by the sun.
But it's hard to talk on the horse.
You have to say something for a while.
I'm going to be a horse.
Horses are very stubborn.
I've never seen a horse with a long face.
I want to have a short face, but I can't.
The horse is laughing.
If I walk straight, I can't walk.
I'm going to be a horse.
The horse is laughing.
You are stupid.
Your face is funny.
So you don't have to look at it.
The horse is laughing.
The horse laughs at the sounds.
There are a lot of guests.
Just say that you're not sleeping.
What? You're good. You're not saying anything.
No, no. He's a good guy.
Poor thing. Are you a good guy?
I am a good guy.
You're a good guy.
Are you sure?
I am a good guy.
You're a good guy.
You're not saying anything.
No, no. He's a bad guy.
Are you a bad guy?
I am a bad guy.
What's that?
Can't you hear me?
I can't hear you.
You can't hear me.
You're a bad guy.
You're a bad guy. You're not saying anything.
No, no. I am a good guy.
I am a good guy.
No, no.
Where are you going?
I am going to the temple tonight.
I see.
There's a good temple.
I'll go to the temple.